Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: aioinstagrapi
Version: 1.1.19
Summary: Fast and effective asynchronous Instagram Private API wrapper
Home-page: https://github.com/ragedotdev/aioinstagrapi
Author: Joshua Solo
Author-email: policeoser@gmail.com
License: MIT
Description: 
        Fast and effective asynchronous Instagram Private API wrapper (public+private requests and challenge resolver).
        
        Uses the most recent version of the API from Instagram.
        
        Async wrapper around https://githib.com/adw0rd/instagrapi
        
        Features:
        
        1. Performs Public API (web, anonymous) or Private API (mobile app, authorized)
           requests depending on the situation (to avoid Instagram limits)
        2. Challenge Resolver have Email (as well as recipes for automating receive a code from email) and SMS handlers
        3. Support upload a Photo, Video, IGTV, Clips (Reels), Albums and Stories
        4. Support work with User, Media, Insights, Collections, Location (Place), Hashtag and Direct objects
        5. Like, Follow, Edit account (Bio) and much more else
        6. Insights by account, posts and stories
        7. Build stories with custom background, font animation, swipe up link and mention users
        8. In the next release, account registration and captcha passing will appear
        
Keywords: instagram private api,instagram-private-api,instagram api,instagram-api,instagram,instagram-scraper,instagram-client,instagram-stories,instagram-feed,instagram-reels,instagram-insights,downloader,uploader,videos,photos,albums,igtv,reels,stories,pictures,instagram-user-photos,instagram-photos,instagram-metadata,instagram-downloader,instagram-uploader,instagram-note
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.8
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.9
Requires-Python: >=3.8
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
